>> Brian Holt: Congratulations
all of you that survived Flow,
React and Redux for
the past couple of days.
Really excited to be back here and
we'll gonna be chatting
about more on Redux today.
And some more advanced news
cases like service rendering,
code splitting and believe me we'll
talk about like a little bit of Preact.
So cool, hopefully we're able
to pull down the latest branch.
This branch is gonna be V3-21,
that's currently available at Get Hop!
So kinda recap where we were and I guess
before we exert is there any questions
that they wanna ask?
>> Speaker 2: There
is a question before we broke last night,
about the MobX versus Redux.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
which is a great question.
So there's a library called MobX, and
inevitably when talking about Redux,
MobX usually gets brought up.
It fulfills the same use cases Redux it
is a centralized state repository for
your entire application.
And you would use MobX in the same
situation that you would use Redux.
Similar how you wouldn't use Redux and
MobX together just like you wouldn't use
Ember and Angular together,
same sort of idea here.
MobX is a really cool piece of
technology that relies on some more new
types of technologies, and
it's really fun to play with.
It's very powerful,
you can achieve some pretty cool patterns.
They rely heavily on things
called computed properties,
which end up being really cool.
But again, I kinda prefer my technologies
to be as simple as possible,
which is why I do enjoy Redux.
It's pretty again, [COUGH] you just have
this reducer cycle and that's really it.
So for me personally, while I've toyed
around with my MobX I've had a great time.
I haven't had a situation where I needed
that much power from my repository or
my state repository.
So that's why I choose to
not use it typically, but
that's purely a personal call on my part.
You're welcome to disagree and
use it on your own as well, and
that's a totally valid choice.